There are regulatory requirements for nearly everything
you do in the tourism, travel, hospitality and event industries:
processing payments, protecting customers,
preparing meals,
employing staff, advertising products and services,
paying super, wages and taxes.
The list goes on and on and on.
How do you comply with the laws?
Do you have to be a lawyer? No.
But you do need to have a detailed understanding of laws
that all businesses must follow,
as well as licensing which is specific to your establishment.
This means doing some research!
Ignorance is no excuse.
You must be responsible
and keep up to date with your business's legal requirements.